# Quarter # 1 (Start of Year)
```
July - August
```
#### Manager Checklist
>- [ ] Engage incoming ACMs on your team via the CACME PowerApp
>       - Directions [here](cacme.md)
>- [ ] Work with Analytics to ensure *teacher* data is available
>       - More information in section below
>       - Run school level teacher classes reports (LAUSD)
>       - Work with school partners to confirm Data Use Agreement signed (IUSD) 
>- [ ] Complete a draft version of ACM in Class Deployment
>       - This is a placeholder for the real In Class Deployment tool that helps the Analytics team securely scope data to just those who need to see it.
>            - Download [Draft Elementary ACM Deployment](https://bit.ly/3vyxqcv) 
>            - Download [Draft Secondary ACM Deployment](https://bit.ly/3vyxqcv)
>- [ ] Support corps members observing students in their classes
>       - Observations will ultimately support student interventions and selection of the focus list
>       - Use the resources listed below to assits ACMs in selecting focus list students
>             - What Makes a Good Focus List Checklist
>             - Power BI [FY22 WSWC Dashboard](https://bit.ly/3i2TCaW): Initial Indicators Page


# Getting Student Data
### Data Access (Teacher schedules for In Class Deployment)

Data is key to much of what the Analytics team does each year but as a contractor for the district we can only get a limited scope of data and it must be stored securely. For both of our school districts the process of getting student data is different. See your school district below for more specifics on how to get school specific data for ACM deployment, focus lists and ELT.


#### Los Angeles Unified School District

In June CYLA should communicate to LAUSD Office of Data and Accountability about re-establishing a data use contract for the coming school year. This process has been historically slow and should be started as soon as possible. 

>   1. To assist in this process, we need *directors and/or managers* to ask school partners to run teacher schedule reports for LA Unified schools so that we get the teacher names and course names for step #2.
>       - Use the directions from this document to run teacher schedule reports
>   2. To assist in this process, we need *directors and/or managers* to provide the Analytics team with a list of the intended teacher classes that ACMs will be providing services. 
>       - This should be done via the draft deployment tool discussed below. Use the links in the manager checklist or in the section below to download your draft deployment tool now. 
>    3. This allows the IA team to get the teacher names and course names where ACMs are placed to officially send to LAUSD data team so that we can request student records from those classes. More details will be provided below if that’s the case.


#### Inglewood Unified School District


Inglewood uses a data platform called Schoolzilla to manage their data. City Year uses Schoolzilla to access student performance data for your schools. Sometime in the first quarter the Analytics team will provide a training specifically for IUSD schools on how to access Schoolzilla for viewing student performance data.

# Draft ACM Class Deployment
 In the summer as you plan with partners where ACMs will be placed into class lines with teachers, please fill out a copy of this draft deployment workbook. This workbook will help you build ACM schedules but also eventually become a key part of our Data model allowing ACMs to see students’ data from their classes and manage their focus lists. Without a draft deployment, our team will not be able to access data for students in ACM classes, please complete by: (XX/XX/XXXX).

 Sometime in September when the Analytics team gets access to student enrollment, we will send a final deployment workbook for PMs to copy data over into. This final workbook will be the one used to build out our data models for Power BI reports which is critical for functional and FERPA compliant student progress monitoring.

 ***Our current estimates for the rollout of all class deployment items is listed above and subject to change.***

# Supporting ACMs w/Focus List Process